221-B Baker Street
1. Brief about event
221-B Baker Street is an event where everyone can participate testing their coordination with each other, observational skill, common scene etc. This event is basically a team event of 2. Participants need to come in a team to participate in this event. If the participant is alone we will group them with other single participant. Every team will be provided with some Virtual Money at the beginning of round 2. They can use this money to buy hints or bribe people while interrogation in further rounds.


2.    Rounds
1. Round 1: Wanna try??
This round consists of both physical and mental challenges. The team coming will be given a choice that who will do the mental task and who will do the physical task. The round will consists of a chess board setup. The person doing the mental task will have to search for a chess piece in the cartoon full of thermocol balls. After finding the perfect chess piece, he has to place the chess piece in such a way that the other king is check mate. Then the position of the chess piece id noted and then according to that number the person doing the physical has to find a key from the different boxes numbered. After obtaining the key he has to enter a full size maze. The other guy will be given the ma of the maze and they have to find their way out of the maze. There will be 3 doors for the exit but the key will open only 1 door. After crossing the maze the participants has to pass through a setup which consists of ropes tied here and there with complex structure. They have to pass the setup without touching the ropes. The round ends here. The team getting the least score will move to the next round.     


2. Round 2: The game is on!!
Here the participants will be told a common story line up before the start of the round. They will be given the newspaper cutting about the crimes in the city and the murder of the mayor. Then a police friend, Lestrade, calls the participants and tells them to investigate about the mayor case. Lestrade thinks that the case is very strange and want Sherlock(participants) to look into the case. The participants will be then taken to the police station and there they will get some evidences that were collected by the police before this day. The participants will be given some time to analyze the evidences. They have to observe for some clues in the evidences. Then they will be directed towards the mayor’s office. They will be given some limited time in the office for analyzing the clues over there. After finding enough clues against a person, they have to inform the police and go for a chase for that person. Unfortunately, there that person is shot by police as he was trying to run and he is killed. Then the participants will get a threat message from the brother of that person. The round ends here.


3. Round 3: The revenge!  
His brother thinks that because of the Sherlock his brother was killed. This person is very aggressive unlike his brother. So he plants a bomb in Sherlock’s house. The participants have to solve a riddle to find the correct wire to cut that will diffuse the bomb. If they successfully diffuse the bomb then it’s ok but if they fail then they have to run out of the house skipping some of the obstacles in the room in particular time. If he fails then the participants are disqualified as they are killed. Then the Sherlock has to stop this guy. This is a matter between Sherlock and the brother so the participants will not get any help from the police. They have to find the evidence against the brother and approach the police that he had tried to kill Sherlock by a bomb. When the police and Sherlock reach the brother’s house and he is found dead. He is killed by some other person and that person leaves a personal message to Sherlock that he will contact him soon.


4. Round 4: Challenge accepted!
The participants will be sent 2 messages. 1 by Moriarty who told that he will contact him soon and other from Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock’s brother. First message is a threating message and the next message is an advice by Mycroft. Then after the round starts, the participants will be given the 3 challenges by Moriarty which will help them to collect evidences against Moriarty. Totally there will be 6 evidences the all across the round. The participants have to collect at least 4 evidences against Moriarty in the complete Round successfully. The challenges will be very basic but will not be related. The challenges were given to distract Sherlock. The challenges will be house robbery, car accident and kidnaping.       


5. Round 5: The Ultimate Case
After submitting at least 4 evidences against Moriarty, the participants are promoted to solve the ULTIMATE CASE. Sherlock finds out by digging that Moriarty is planning a Chemical bomb that will spread a particular type of virus in the whole city and the medicine for it will only be available with Moriarty. Basically Moriarty is trying to make money and gain power because of this virus. Sherlock has to find the scientist who invented the bomb and gets the design of the bomb from him. They also have to find the evidence against Moriarty that he has planted the bomb. Then after all the Sherlock has to find the bomb after decrypting the CYCPHER. The Sherlock has to find the bomb, diffuse the bomb using the design. The participants who diffuses the bomb and also presents the evidence against Moriarty first wins the game.