221-B Baker Street
1. Brief about event
221-B Baker Street is an event where everyone can participate testing their coordination with each other, observational skill, common scene etc. This event is basically a team event of 2. Participants need to come in a team to participate in this event. If the participant is alone we will group them with other single participant. Every team will be provided with some Virtual Money at the beginning of round 2. They can use this money to buy hints or bribe people while interrogation in further rounds.


2.    Rounds
1. Round 1: Wanna try??
This round consists of both physical and mental challenges. The team coming will be given a choice that who will do the mental task and who will do the physical task. The round will consists of a chess board setup. The person doing the mental task will have to search for a chess piece in the cartoon full of thermocol balls. After finding the perfect chess piece, he has to place the chess piece in such a way that the other king is check mate. Then the position of the chess piece id noted and then according to that number the person doing the physical has to find a key from the different boxes numbered. After obtaining the key he has to enter a full size maze. The other guy will be given the ma of the maze and they have to find their way out of the maze. There will be 3 doors for the exit but the key will open only 1 door. After crossing the maze the participants has to pass through a setup which consists of ropes tied here and there with complex structure. They have to pass the setup without touching the ropes. The round ends here. The team getting the least score will move to the next round.     


2. Round 2: The game is on!!
Here the participants will be told a common story line up before the start of the round. They will be given the newspaper cutting about the crimes in the city and the murder of the mayor. Then a police friend, Lestrade, calls the participants and tells them to investigate about the mayor case. Lestrade thinks that the case is very strange and want Sherlock(participants) to look into the case. The participants will be then taken to the police station and there they will get some evidences that were collected by the police before this day. The participants will be given some time to analyze the evidences. They have to observe for some clues in the evidences. Then they will be directed towards the mayor’s office. They will be given some limited time in the office for analyzing the clues over there. After finding enough clues against a person, they have to inform the police and go for a chase for that person. Unfortunately, there that person is shot by police as he was trying to run and he is killed. Then the participants will get a threat message from the brother of that person. The round ends here.


3. Round 3: The revenge!  
His brother thinks that because of the Sherlock his brother was killed. This person is very aggressive unlike his brother. So he plants a bomb in Sherlock’s house. The participants have to solve a riddle to find the correct wire to cut that will diffuse the bomb. If they successfully diffuse the bomb then it’s ok but if they fail then they have to run out of the house skipping some of the obstacles in the room in particular time. If he fails then the participants are disqualified as they are killed. Then the Sherlock has to stop this guy. This is a matter between Sherlock and the brother so the participants will not get any help from the police. They have to find the evidence against the brother and approach the police that he had tried to kill Sherlock by a bomb. When the police and Sherlock reach the brother’s house and he is found dead. He is killed by some other person and that person leaves a personal message to Sherlock that he will contact him soon.


4. Round 4: Challenge accepted!
The participants will be sent 2 messages. 1 by Moriarty who told that he will contact him soon and other from Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock’s brother. First message is a threating message and the next message is an advice by Mycroft. Then after the round starts, the participants will be given the 3 challenges by Moriarty which will help them to collect evidences against Moriarty. Totally there will be 6 evidences the all across the round. The participants have to collect at least 4 evidences against Moriarty in the complete Round successfully. The challenges will be very basic but will not be related. The challenges were given to distract Sherlock. The challenges will be house robbery, car accident and kidnaping.       


5. Round 5: The Ultimate Case
After submitting at least 4 evidences against Moriarty, the participants are promoted to solve the ULTIMATE CASE. Sherlock finds out by digging that Moriarty is planning a Chemical bomb that will spread a particular type of virus in the whole city and the medicine for it will only be available with Moriarty. Basically Moriarty is trying to make money and gain power because of this virus. Sherlock has to find the scientist who invented the bomb and gets the design of the bomb from him. They also have to find the evidence against Moriarty that he has planted the bomb. Then after all the Sherlock has to find the bomb after decrypting the CYCPHER. The Sherlock has to find the bomb, diffuse the bomb using the design. The participants who diffuses the bomb and also presents the evidence against Moriarty first wins the game.    


Hell & heven
Story line
This event is basically based on famous quote “do or die “, here all the participants will be considered as souls .As we all know  hell and heaven both are different part of the  life .  a person who wants to go from  hell  to heaven he /she has to pass different  types of difficulties like mental  ability,  physical ability and  he/she has to face all  the devils and have to lock all the devils in the room. So that he/she will able to reach heaven. Our event basically deals with the journey from hell to heaven.


________________


ROUND 1:- INTELECTUAL POWE
This round basically divided into two phase first phase deals with physical game and second deal with mental ability. The first phase is :
At a time two participant will participate in this round . There will be a two buildings made up of empty white  glasses in between that glass some colourfull glasses were also kept . A participants have to take out two colour full glasses from that building of white glass . After taking out this glasses ,participants have to put these colour full  glass on the table and they will stand 5m away from the table. They have to put the balls in to the glasses with the help of measuring instrument or two parellel strings.
Time limit : 10 mins
 Code Breaker :- This event is of code breaking In this the participants have to break the secret code by guessing the secret code by placing coloured peg for each correct colour in the right place and one white peg for each correct colour in wrong place .
The positions of black and white pins arerandom.They don’t correspondent to the tag position in any way. This code is used in the next round that is physical conditioning.
________________


ROUND 2:- PHYSICAL CONDITIONING
This round generally deals with the physically ability.In this round the 2 participants will be bounded by string. Each participants have different flags on their sides. 26 alphabets will be written on 26 different flag. A participants have to remember the code that they have broken in the first round. According to that code they have to collect the flags. Flags are arranged randomly. After collecting those flags they will get some ingredients which will help them in the 5th round. These ingredients are kept behind the flag.
________________




ROUND 3:- BENEVOLENT CONTRIBUTER
In this round, pairs of participants will be formed. One member will blindfolded and stand at one corner where as the other will stand just perpendicular to him. A person who is standing perpendicular to him, have to give the instruction to the blindfolded person by using the mirror. These two persons will move parallel to each other and a persons who is blind folded have to touch 7 things in between the track and he has to identify those things. And persons who is holding the mirrors have to memorise those things till the end of the round .After reaching to the end point, a question is asked to the person who is holding the mirror, according to the answer a blindfolded person have to find out the object that is kept on the table.
________________


ROUND 4:-FEAR FACTOR


The event, named fear factor basically based on the scary theme. This round consists of scary house and each participant has to enter this scary house. There is a tub which consist of cockroach, lizard and some sand from that tub a participants have to collect five keys . Participant have to collect these different keys and five boxes were kept there, they have to open these boxes and collect one key from each boxes . The surface of the room will be full of jelly balls. 
Time limit: 10 mins
ROUND 5:-  MULTITASKING
This round deal with the multiple task and will help to evaluate the persons on the basis of his mental  and physical ability . in this round in which keys are hanging . Participants have to take those keys with the help of fish stick . Participants have to take that one key at a tym  then he/she have to pass that track. In beginning there  will be a table from which participant have to take the alphabet on the basis of code that participant got in the first round . Participant have to cross the 10m track after that he/she have to keep that alpha bet on the table kept there then again participant have to cross one more track where shapes are kept,these shapes link with the flag shape in the 2th round. The participants have to take the one shape on the basis of flag shape in the 2th round then participants have to pass the next track that have hot mud with marbles then he/she has to open the lock with the help of key.they will get empty can they will get an empty can. This whole process he has to do 6 times. And participants will get 6 empty cans with the help of which he has to make rhombus.
Time limit : 20 mins 










Dare To Play (DTP)
ROUND 1 :
1.a  How's that hanging ? 
                             In this task a team is formed, and each of them is provided with straws. Each of them will be holding straws in their mouth. They will be given a rubber band. Which they need to pass with the help of straws, starting from the first individual of the team to the last one. As soon as the rubber band reaches the last person. He shall drop the rubber band in a plate or bowl with the help of the straw only. On completion of task the time will be noted and the team with least time is qualified for the next round.
1.b Where's my water ? 
          In this task an individual is provided with a sponge. And the person will have to transfer water from one bucket to an empty bucket, both separated by a considerable distance. The amount of water filled in the empty bucket at the end of one minute will be noted, and selection shall be made accordingly.  
1.c  Wind it!!
In this task a person is given with a ball(lubricated with vaseline), and rubber bands accordingly. The task aims at putting the  rubber bands on the ball in one direction only (i.e. either horizontally or vertically). As soon as the given number of rubber bands are tied on the ball, the task completes but within a minute. The winner is the one who puts the desired rubber bands on the ball in least time.




1.d SHUT LOCK UP
In this task the participant will have to open up the lock. Well, the participant will be given with 6-8 keys out of which only one will be the correct combination for the lock.Sounds simple on the first shot but the person is blind folded and one of his hand is tied with his partners hand .The winner will be the one who will open up the lock in the least time. It is an event where participants can test their luck, as it is totally based on the same.


ROUND 2:   MIND SWEEPER
Its  layout is a form of chess board but with random colored checks on it. In this 2-3 individuals are given certain helping materials such as a plank , balli and rope. They will have to frame out an escape from the checker board, by using the props. The colors on the checker board have certain significance which add to the difficulty level of the game. The following colors have been mentioned with their significance.
Structure painted white are in bound for the candidates, the helping materials and the load. This means that not only the candidates but also the helping material and the load can be kept on the structure painted with white colour.
   1. Red Colour
Structure painted red are out of bound for the candidates the helping material and the load. Simply you don't have to touch red coloured structures. You nor can stand on the structure painted red neither you can keep load or the helping materials on the red coloured structures.
   2. Blue/Yellow/Green Colour
Structure painted with any one of these colours are inbound for the candidates but out of bound for the helping material and the load. This means the candidates can stand on these colours but they can't keep the helping material or load on them. But candidate can hold the load or helping materials in their hands while standing on structure painted with any one of these colours.
   3. Black Colour
Structures painted black are found at the bottom of the structures and does not have any significance of its own whatever colour is painted immediately above the black colour black assumes the same colour. Let's say if a long rod black at bottom and white at top, then black assumes itself as white. The winner will be the person who shall cross the finish line first of all.
ROUND 3: HUDO{HUMAN LUDO}




Each team will be given a chance to roll the dice and for each move the person is given a task to complete..
If the person fails to complete the task he is out of the game but his partner can continue it! If the person completes all the tasks given to him and suppose reach the final point then his team is qualified for the next round!
Tasks given will be given to each person according to the checker box he is standing on!
We have planned around 16 tasks for this specified round ,which further will be explained when required.
If the participant completes the task given he is eligible to continue the game..
All the tasks which will be given would be 1 minute tasks
and the final 2 teams which are still going on with all 
tasks would be qualified for the next round.
Two times this round will be performed as from 16 
teams only 4 teams would be selected for the final 
showdown!
ROUND 4:
It consists of four continuous tasks. At the beginning of the round the participants have to rush to our volunteer, where they will be allowed to select a chit, which will set the priority task for them. It can either be 1st task or second or so on. And the participants shall carry the task in the order that follows. For instance, for a participant to select chit with a no. ‘2’ , will start 2nd task first and finish at the task no. ‘1’. 
1.        ICE WALKING 
In this task participants will be given two planks. The participants will put their legs on the two planks, separated by a distance. The planks will have horizontal rope projections which each of the individual on the plank will be holding. The participants shall walk the prescribed distance with the help of the planks. It is a game which require( full body control and coordination among the participants. If coordination is not maintained, the plank will not move , hence, adding to the difficulty of the task. 
        2.        DOODLE  JUMP 
In this task the participants will have to hurry up and gear up for the next challenge. They shall run and do a long jump. Which will allow them to move on to the next challenge. 
        3.        CATCH THE BIRD 
This task consists of two ropes tied vertically at a distance of 5 feet (minimum). The rope at the lower height will be more loose as compared to the second rope. The individuals will have to walk through the two ropes by holding the upper rope and walking on the lower one. The balancing while walking through the ropes is quiet a tedious task , which adds to the difficulty level of the game. 
4. MUD WAR
In this task each candidate has to take a load tied to the ropes and move towards a muddy field. In the centre of the muddy field will lie a flag tied to a rope. Which they will have to pull off with the loads still attached to them. And move on towards the final stage of the mud war, where in they will have to cross the hurdles , and cross the finish line with the task winning flag, which would lie at the end of the last hurdle .
RULES AND REGULATIONS 
ROUND 1
ROUND 1.A-
RULE : No individual shall drop the rubber band, else they will have to start over the game.   
ROUND 1.B-


RULE : The task needs to be completed within one minute.
ROUND 1.C-


RULE : The rubber bands shall not overlap each other, else it is discarded . 
ROUND 1.D-
RULE: One key should be used at a time to unlock the  lock.
ROUND 2
RULES
If any rule is broken, move back to the previous structure and again start the task from that structure.


ROUND 3
RULE: Depends upon the task they get




















TESSERA
INTRODUCTION :
The legend of the mystery island says recounts a tale of a humungous treasure hidden behind evil spells. Our explorers have to undergo various challenging tasks and meet the witch who will give them a magic potion. Then they have to face ever scarier barriers and break through them to grab hold of the treasure.


ROUNDS AT BRIEF:
DAY 1:
Round 1: 
So here landed our explorers in a bizarre island in quest of treasure. First they need to find the MAP of the island(This map will give them complete details as to the spots on the island). Different troops of explorers, searching for the map will be send to different spots. They will compete against themselves. The team which finds the map with in the shortest period of time will qualify for the next round. Different troops will be sent to different spots.
DAY 2:
Round 2:
Now, one of the members will be kept captive. His mate should go fighting the various obstacles by solving the clues and thus help free him. When he frees his partner, they will be presented with a sword that helps them in the next round.
Round 3: 
With this sword they will cross the various hurdles (defeating dragons, fighting with soldiers & rescuing their partner). Character Sketch of the clue givers will be given. Players have to find her/him to get the sacred potion(the curse breaker). 
DAY 4:
Round 4:
After the rescue, they meet the witch who demands ingredients for the potion. Players have to find those ingredients with the help of the set of clues given to them. The teams which arrive until the potion lasts will qualify for the final round.
DAY 5:
The key is needed to unlock the treasure chest. Several artificial rocks will be there. One drop of the potion, last chance for the treasure. Using their wit, players have to use the potion, given by witch, to melt the rock. Out of those many rocks only one will have the key within. The one bringing it first and unlocking the chest will clutch the treasure!
TEXAS HOLD’EM
Simultaneously poker will be played on  8-9 tables with max 9 players on each table.Top 3 will players will pass on to the next round and so on.We will need a dealer on each table.