EVENTS PLAN


DOMAIN                            : X-ZONE
ORGANIZER NAME       : AVYAKTH GOKAVARAPU
NAME OF THE EVENT  : ANIMANIA






Concept of the Event (Theme and Field of Innovation the Event):
This event is inspired from cartoons and anime. The aim is to attract participants by reviving their childhood memories and making them play rounds based on their favourite cartoons and anime.
	



Round wise description:


ROUND 1:


THE NINJA WHO KNEW TOO MUCH
This round will have several dart boards with multiple answers. The participants have to answer rapid fire questions about cartoons and anime and at the same time shoot darts shaped like ninja stars at the dart board having silhouettes of several cartoon characters. The participants have to guess at least five characters.


	









ROUND 2:


GUESS WHO
Infinity stones will be scattered all over them venue which has some traits/characteristics of certain Superheroes and villains. The Participants have to look for the Infinity stones and according to the characters guess the Superhero/Villain in certain time limit. Each Participant has to guess at least 3 Superheroes/Villains. 




















                                                                                                                                                                                    
	



ROUND 3:


DEATH NOTE
 This is a treasure hunt game with a twist. The list of items to be found will be written in the death note. The participant will be handed the notebook which will have the rules written on the first and the last page just like the real death note. The participant has to find a given set of objects listed in the notebook in a specified amount of time like five or ten minutes. The participant’s name will be listed in the book so if he doesn’t find the objects and doesn’t return them in the given time then he or she will be disqualified (die) according to the series death note. The participant who finds all the objects in the least amount of time will emerge in victory.






	



















ROUND 4:








	

SPECIAL NOTE (if any):