CRIMNAL CASE        


Round1 (elimation of the maximum participants)
Questions will be asked from the following with changes 
http://gpuzzles.com/quiz/mystery-riddles-with-answers/

 murder or suicide 

Answer:
Few things that hint that this is a murder and not suicide.
1. The gun is in the right hand and the blood has splattered on the wall on the right side.
2. The victim was clearly sitting and writing at the desk and also smoking at the time he was shot. If it would have been a suicide he would finish the cigarette and then shoot himself.
 Deciding factor- time and correct answer for short puzzle



round 2                ( identify and find the weapon)


story starts

Aim: To find the weapon


Plot:


A man is found dead in his apartment. The wife enters to find the man lifeless, bleeding profusely
from the forehead. She then calls up the police for investigation. The police then appoint a detective
(participants qualified for round 3). The detective is led to the crime scene where he finds the body.
He will then look for clues in the room which will eventually lead him to the murder weapon.


Clues to be found:


 A glass with lipstick marks on it. The wife denies the mark to be hers. This leads to a
suspicion of a plausible affair.
 A wallet containing a hotel room bill from the night before. Suspicion about the affair is now
increased by manifold. The detective then goes to the hotel and after interrogation finds out
about the woman’s whereabouts. This’ll lead the detective to the woman the man had the
affair with. (Suspect 1)


 A partial blood splatter on the floor. (Some object has been moved from there and is


missing.) .


 Blood stain on the wall. The sample is then forwarded to the Forensic Dept. which then
reveals it to be of the man’s business partner. (Suspect 2) (Revelation happens in Round 4)
A map will be given to the detectives with only two places marked on them i.e. the crime scene and
the Forensic Lab. After the detective collects the clues and submits them to the Forensic
department, according to the clues more places will be marked on the map. One of these marked
places will lead the detective to the concealed weapon.




 The detective will interrogate the suspects.
 They will be given search warrants to search the suspects’ homes. During this, they will find
blood stained photographs of the deceased with the woman he was having an affair with at
her home. On further investigation of the house he finds photographs of the woman with
the victim’s business partner. It revealed that the woman is the wife of the business partner 
On questioning the business partner, he reveals that he had gone to the victim’s house that
night only to find him lying dead on the floor with his wife’s photo lying there on the ground
covered in blood. To protect his wife from the police’s suspicion, he brought the pictures
home and hid them.
 They will be handed some more clues like bank statements and forensic reports.
 The bank statements reveal Rs. 50,000 being transferred to the man’s maid’s account every
month. The detective then questions the maid who then reveals about blackmailing him
with the photographs. She then says, she gave the photographs to the man’s wife after he
refused to pay her any more money.
 The detective has to analyse the clues and link them together and reach to the conclusion
that the wife is the killer, who did it accidentally while confronting the husband about the
affair after the maid handed her the photographs.

deciding factor- find weapon from the room  and description why it is the murder weapon.




round 3( identify the killer)
killer will the least suspected person from the story. All the clues will be  secondly hinted to him/her.
major clues whch related the killer will not be the actual person.
For this we will provide related hints and clues:
* Passbook 
* Im chat
* Their cellur location of the characters
* Police report
Find the killer








Round 4  ( location of the killer)

Clues from the second round will be used to create maths equation.
answer will  a single digit number.
4 rows of boxes numbered- 0 to 9.
keys will  be arranged according.
as  we open the box by trial and error. 
we will find QR code -http://www.qr-code-generator.com/#
if wrong box opened then QR CODE will be given with encoding try again.
correct qr code will lead to google maps and location of the killer.
winner –  time factor


















3.