Event 
UV CRICKET
	Domain
X-ZONE
	

Introduction
Cricket is the ultimate sporting event in India. The frenzy that is associated with it speaks volumes about how passionate we are about this game.  So, to celebrate the immense enthusiasm that is cricket we have come up with UV CRICKET. The concept of UV light shows has been a huge success throughout the entertainment world, and we are just as sure that it will be a favourite at AARUUSH 12`. You ask why? Well firstly because it is like nothing you have ever seen before or experienced for that matter. Secondly because bowling to an invisible batsman and/or batting to an invisible bowler would be as challenging and exciting as it gets. And who are we kidding? We all simply love challenges. And thirdly and most importantly because at the end of it all, it’s our favourite game of cricket! 
So getting into the technical aspect of it – there will be five members per team in a five over match. The whole room will be rendered pitch black and bathed in U.V. light. The gloves of each player, the stumps and the bat and the ball will all be painted in U.V. paint. This means that while the rest of the room remains in darkness, you can see only the gloves and the bat of the batsman, floating above the stumps! And then spread across the room another five pairs of gloves, one with a ball in hand. Suffice to say, you really have to be there to see the sight of gloves and bat and ball in the air! The objective of the event is as we know is purely entertainment value, and so win or lose everyone goes back with an unique experience and a lot of fun.
This year Aaruush'12 brings to you not only the pure delight of cricket but also an exceptional never-seen-before version of the game. Come and feast your eyes with a rare spectacle and play and and be a part of this rare experience! We guarantee you nothing but an unadulterated dose of high octane cricket mania!
.
Arena  (IF Any)
  

Detailed Description
1. All teams need to be present at the venue, thirty minutes prior to the game.
2. A notification SMS will be sent to both the teams before the match starts.
3. Teams coming late will not be allowed to play and the other team gets a walk-over. 
4. Each team will have 5 members.
5. Registrations will be done at the registration desks.
6. Misdemeanor and disorderly conduct will result in immediate disqualification.
7. Cricketing equipment will be provided by the organizing committee .


Other Details

1. Rules and Regulations
   1. Normal cricketing rules.
   2. Any changes in the rules will be informed to the teams before commencement of the game.
   3. Participants need to wear clothes of a darker shade.(preferably black).
   4. All participants should be in proper cricketing attire.
   5. Participants are strictly advised not to wear shorts or three-quarters (full length only).


2. Judging Criteria If Any 
   1. Knock out rules.
   2. The cricket rules will have a bit of twist which will be informed on the spot.


3. Any Other Key Heading
   1. Participants should not bring their equipments.(it will not be entertained).
   2. One substitute is optional.
FAQ
1. Are we allowed to bring our own bat and ball and other things?
NO! 
2. Minimum Number of Participants
5 players per team
3. Maximum Number of Participants 
5+1(substitute is optional)
4. What would be the Event Venue ?
University Block, room no-1012(10th floor).




Contact:
	Nitesh Jaiswal
Mb : +91 7305203693
Email : nitesh_jaiswal11@yahoo.com
	Arkaprava Roychaudhury
Mb : +91 9790829135
Email : arkaprava.roychaudhury@gmail.com
	Shikhar Srivastava 
Mb : +91 9940316275
Email : shikharsrivastava210@gmail.com