Event 
FUNDROID
	Domain
X-ZONE
	

Introduction
Ever thought of playing the games you play in your android smart phone in real life? ...  Get ready to get your hands on the games... Join in to experience the Android fever.
This is an event which totally brings your day to day android gaming experience into reality. A completely relaxing event where you needn’t have to prepare hard, just team up, gear up , and beat them all up!!
A number of famous android games are introduced in the event with slight twists, so that you can compete and enjoy the ecperience of being part of it.


Main feature of event:
                                         The game tests the analytical skills of a participant. It tests how fast the participant can relate speed, air resistance, gravity and other such parameters with time and finish the particular game successfully. 
No. of members per team: 2


This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words. This is Short Introduction MAX 200 Words.
Arena  (IF Any)


* PRELIMINARY ROUND:-
  

* ROUND 1:-


  

  

* ROUND 2:-


Stage 1:- unblock me
 http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQEpJpic8eiMjbiAMnR3mQTQ6o3W-puRihxj-fj4NQgst4UGur_ 







Stage 2:-
  





* Round 3:-




  



  

  
  
  
  



                                           http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR9hYBNyGe0DmaK19Z2Jav1YvrwEVEzVonN3QOczMci6lZ5m8cNAQ  electric fans for deviating the ball.


Detailed Description
* Prelims:(4 hrs)
                     Each team will be given a chart paper which will contain a confusing maze. Each team will be provided with one pencil. One of the participants will be blind folded. This participant has to move the pencil on the directions of the other to solve the puzzle. The participants will not use the names of the directions directly; they will have to use the given specified code words for different directions. For example they can say “Charlie” instead of saying “Right” and “Delta” instead of saying “Left”. This will make the task more confusing and interesting.


* PAPER TOSS(Round 1): (3 hrs)
                    In this round each team will be given 6 paper balls, 3 for each team member. The participants have to throw the paper ball in the bucket that will be kept at a distance. Concentric circles will be made around the bucket and points will be awarded accordingly. If the paper balls fall into the bucket, the participant will be awarded maximum points, if it falls in the circle just outside the bucket, his points will be reduced and so on. Two table fans will be placed (each on either side of the bucket) between the bucket and the participant to affect the direction of flow of the paper ball. There will also be 3 lines made on the ground with increasing order of distances and also there will be three different speeds for each of the fan. The above conditions will be decided by choosing a chit, where the condition will be calculated using the following formula:
                                  *        FS1+FS2+D=constant *
                                        FS1,FS2 🡪 respective fan speeds
                                        D 🡪distance line; Mf🡪 multiplying factor
                                                
                                                                                                                                                                 
Although, the participants will not be directly provided with the paper balls. Each team will be given a newspaper and a list of 6 headlines present in that newspaper attached to it. The participants will have to find out in which page the headline is present and tear that particular A3 sheet from the newspaper. After cutting 6 such A3 sheets the participant has to make paper balls from them and then start the game.


* “COCKTAIL”-UNBLOCK ME AND  FRUIT SHOOT AND ANGRY BIRDS(Round 2):(3 hrs)
                                                                                    The team will first go through a round in which they will have to play the game “Unblock ME”. Each team will be given a set of wooden blocks(thermocol blocks too would do) arranged inside a square box with one opening. The team has to remove the selected block from the opening as per the rules of the game. Here one of the team members will move the block and the other member has to instruct him. The person moving the block should do so only as per the directions given by his teammate and not at their own will.  The number of moves will be counted. 
                                                                              The team will then go through a round in which they will have to play a game that is a combination of “Angry birds” and “Fruit Shoot”. Each team will be given a slingshot, paper balls and a soft ball. Now the team which has done the previous task in minimum moves will get the maximum number of paper balls. There will be parallel lines drawn on the floor with the centre most region carrying the maximum points and the points decrease from the centre regions to the outer regions. One team mate will stand on one side at the given region and hold out a plank which will hold the paper balls and facing the given area. The other team mate will be standing at the provided SHOOTING region and aiming at the tossed paper ball while it is on the plank using the slingshot and soft ball such that the paper ball falls into the region where lines are made. Points will be awarded accordingly.
* “EQUILIBRIUM”-TEETER(Round 3):(11/2 - 2 hrs)
                                In this round the participants will have to go through 3 stages of difficulty. This round is based on the android game “Teeter”. There will be square or a rectangular box which will be open at the top. There will be a small inlet and an outlet in the box. The teams will be given a soft ball which they have to move from the inlet to the outlet. There will be holes made randomly throughout the way and the team has to take care that the ball does not fall in the hole. Both the team members will stand on either side of the arena and tilt the whole arena to move the ball from one side to another. In the first stage, the surface of the arena will be leveled evenly and there will be no elevations or depressions. In the second stage, there will be one elevation in the centre of the arena. In the third stage, there will be many elevations and depressions in 
the arena. In this way, the participants have to go through all the three stages. The team members are not allowed to talk to each other while playing the game.
In every arena, the pathway will be divided into several parts where in each of the dividing point will be the CHECK POINT. Crossing each check point rewards the team specified points. The team has to try finishing every arena with the given 3 chances if
Not, atleast try scoring the maximum points by crossing most number of check points. The best score of the 3 chances will be taken into account for all the three stages.
The first stage will be a plain arena.
The second stage having its difficulty level slightly increased by adding mounts and slopes.
The third stage containing mounts and slopes and along with them part of the arena will be slightly porous( tiny holes will be made) so that we can blow in air into them to deviate the ball direction.


Other Details

1. Rules and Regulations




* FOR PRELIMS:
1. The participant who is blind folded cannot touch the chart paper with his hands directly.
2. The team members are not allowed to say any other word except the key words decided.
3. The participant giving the directions is not allowed to touch the iron piece.
* FOR ROUND 1:
1.  The participant is not allowed to cross the line made for throwing the paper ball.
2.  Each team member is allowed to throw only 3 balls.
3.  The participant is not allowed to use any other material for making the paper ball except the newspaper provided.
* FOR ROUND 2:
* STAGE 1:
1.  The participant cannot lift the blocks from the arena. They have to slide the blocks.
2.  The team members cannot talk to each other while playing the game other than the moves directed by one team member.
3. The team member moving the blocks cannot make moves on his own and can’t even suggest moves to the other member.
* STAGE 2:
1.  The team members are not allowed to cross the line made for aiming at the paper ball
2.  Points will only be awarded if the soft ball hits the paper ball. 
3.  The team member holding the paper ball cannot throw it directly into the scoring regions. 






* FOR ROUND 3:
1.  The team members are not allowed to touch the soft ball to move it.
2. The team members are not allowed to have conversations in the form of sentences while performing, only single words and/or short phrases are allowed.
3. For every stage, according to the difficulty level, there will be a minimum number of words, to provide a cushion for the participants, such that exceeding this count can lead to a negative marking in the form of decrease in points.
4. The team members are not allowed to touch or damage the inner part of the arena.


   1. Rule 1 Text – 
   2. Rule 2 Text
   3. ..
   4. ..
   5. Any Sub Point 
      1. Sub Point Text
      2. Sub Point Text 


2. Judging Criteria If Any
* FOR PRELIMS:
                                      The prelims are time based. The top 50 teams which find their way out of the maze in the least amount of time will be selected for the next round.
PRELIMINARY ROUND:-


TEAM
	TIME TAKEN
	Negative points
	

	

	

	* FOR ROUND 1:
                          Round1 is a point based game. The top 20 teams which earn the most number of points will be selected for the next round. The time will be considered for a part of the round strictly incase of a tie.
ROUND 1:-
TEAM
	TIME TAKEN(STAGE 1)
*will be considered only in the case of a tie
	POINTS WON
	

	

	

	

* FOR ROUND 2:
                          Round2 is again point based. The top 5 teams will be selected for the next round. And here also time will be considered only in the case of a tie.
Round 2:-


TEAM
	No. Of moves
(stage 1)
	Time taken
(stage 1)
*considered only in the case of a tie
	Points won
(stage 2)
	

	

	

	

	

* FOR ROUND 3:
                          This round is also point based. And in case of a tie, then the time taken for the teams will be taken into account.


Round 3:-


TEAM
	Stage 1
	Stage 2
	Stage 3
	Total
	Time taken
	Points won
	Time taken
	Points won
	Time taken 
	Points won
	Time taken
	Points won
	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

3. Any Other Key Heading
   1. Requirements:
Requirements:
1. 20-30 white A4 sheets.
2. 20-30 TRANSPPARENT A4 sheets.
3. 2 standing fans preferably, (table fans would also do) with variable speeds.
4. 30 wooden blocks/thermocol pieces of dimensions 15x5x5 cms.
5. 2 slingshots.
6. 2 sponge balls.
7. 10 set of news paper with 5 copy of each.
8. 3 sheets of plywood. 
9. 5 small sized electric motors and plastic fan blades.




   2. Prize money:
No. of prizes: 
* One winner – Rs.8000 – Rs.10,000 only
* One runner up – Rs.2000 – Rs.5000 only
FAQ
1. Sponsors?
   1. We are trying our level best for getting sponsors. We had been to taj group n CAT group asking for sponsorship and are planning to UNIVERCELL, HOTSPOT and POLAVILA mobile store this week. We too will try to get sponsorship from sops in potheri.
2. Minimum Number of Participants
150 teams (300 participants)
3. Maximum Number of Participants 
300 teams (600 participants)
4. What would be the Event Venue ?
Would be Announced on our website http://www.aaruush.net
   1. Architecture block( school of architecture – 3 classrooms)
   2. Mba block (school of management – 3 classrooms)


   5.  Changes in round?
   1. WE have changed the rules for those rounds.


Contact:
	

	Coordinator 1
Aksit Nandi
Mb : +91 81485 16928
Email : akshit.nandi@gmail.com
	Coordinator 2
Shravan Kumar
Mb : +91 9884966846
Email : shravantherockstar246@gmail.com  
	Coordinator 3
Jasdeep Singh
Mb : +91 97898 30621
Email : manijasdeep@hotmail.com
	Coordinator 4
Sukhdeep Sandhu
Mb: +91 81225 63044
Email;
sukhdeepsandhu2793@gmail.com