KONSTRUKTON 
                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                        
EVENT 1  :                   
THEME     :     TOP OF THE WORLD
Round 1: Pic-O-Mania.
Picture puzzle round: The first letter of each object in the picture shown in slide forms a civil related terminology. Solve maximum to proceed. Individual round. Prior Civil knowledge not necessary. Prior passion a must!
Round 2: Tall And Strong.
Let the game begin. The participants are free to choose a team of five members. All the remaining members will be formed into teams. Let's get Building !
The participants would be provided with pre-fabricated cardboard boxes. The teams are to reach a specified height in the least possible time. Five of the fastest completing teams win and progress to the next round. 
Round 3: Inclinate.
The participant team would be provided with Plaster of Paris and metal rods to construct a structure on an incline that can bear the loads applied against the building. Further parameters like volcanic activity and earthquake faced on a mountain can be introduced to test the structure. Two teams are selected to proceed to the next round.
Round 4: Elevate.
The individual participants (Two teams = 10 members) now compete against one another. In a battle to claim the title of making tallest student made structure in campus, the participants will be provided with fixtures. Each column is a bamboo beam. Each floor has a pre-defined weight added to strain the structure. Materials provided are limited. If, in the race to reach maximum height, one neglects the load carried by the bottom most beam, the entire structure comes crashing down. The participants are free to add support beams at all times if they feel their structure is getting heavier and bottom floors need more support. They keep going till they run out of materials. The constrain only being with every floor comes added weight. And with more weight comes the burden of supporting the structure, for which they do not have materials. It all comes down to this: How High Can You Actually Go? Dare to reach the TOP OF THE WORLD.  





2. Journey through the centre of the Earth.
Round 1: Code Book Challenge

All civil engineers are to have in depth knowledge and know-how of a code book. Participants are shown 20 images in a video format for a very short duration of time. The candidates have to identify the object from the image, remember as many as they can and write them down on a sheet of paper and then give specifications using a code book. 
Best ones proceed to next round.

Round 2: Frame-For-Fame

The participants are provided with wooden bars of specified dimension. A square tunnel frame of specified length is to be made. The wooden frame should be able to bear the required load applied at the centre. The fastest 20 are selected and a further 10 are selected on the basis of load bearing capacity of their frames. 

Round 3: Can you implement it?

Participants are now asked to make tunnels of specified dimensions on computer software. The participants will not be given direct problem, but will have to deduce the problem hidden in the question. Fastest, most accurate 5 prototypes proceed to next round. 

Round 4: Carve-to-win
The final 5 participants are all given with solidified dried plaster of Paris hills of almost the same size. The participants are provided with necessary tools required to create the tunnel. The tunnel size is less than twice the size of the tool, such that when the hole is made from both sides, they meet in the centre of the hill.  Participant able to create the hole in least possible time of the specified dimension: which is checked by inserting a pipe, wins.









3 Traffic signal management system
Round 1: Just-if-y
The participants are shown pictures and a basic know how of how a bridge failed. They are supposed to give possible reasons as to why the bridge might have collapsed. Now, every structure fails due to a combination of many reasons. Participants are evaluated on the basis of how close they get to guessing the right reason(s).

Round 2: Plan-it-airy

The participants are given real life situations of various cities in India and abroad, where, a solution already exists, or, is in development. The participants are given four possible solutions to the problem. They have to choose the best possible solution according to them, and provide arguments as to why this solution is better than the other three, tested against each other under various factors like: time, budget, service period, etc.
Round 3: Digi-plan

Participants are to plan alternate routes and roads to busy junctions in life like constraints of time, money, construction while traffic moves, service life, etc. The participants are provided with a maximum budget in which they have to ease stress on the junctions and provide for smooth flow of traffic. Each alternate method costs the participants money. The most expensive option would be an underpass, followed by a flyover, etc. but, the participants also have a set amount of 'ease points' and these 'ease points' are deducted with each alternate way construction. Maximum 'ease points' would be required in  normal road followed by flyover and least in underpass, meaning an underpass provides maximum traffic relief.
Most cost effective, quickly constructed solutions proceed.

Round 4: Build your City

The participants are now  required to build their planned alternative ways and bring them to reality.
The structures they build are also required to carry pre-decided loads. The participant completing the round fastest wins. 

 
