ROBOLYMPIX  DESCRIPTION


* It is a 3 days Olympics for robotics enthusiast. It provides a platform for participants all across India to showcase their knowledge and innovation in various fields of robotics. 
* This flagship provides a plethora of events on the concepts of robotics.
* There are eight events which will be conducted in three days post Aaruush days.
* Robolympix consists of 
1. 3 R-C events
2. 3 humanoid events
3. 2 special events
* Participants from various states, schools, colleges will be participating and contesting with each other for prize money, goodies and certificates.
* The events are designed with a combination of technicality and fun which can attract a lot of crowd.
* Participants can participate in multiple events also.




The events are:


1. ROBO GO : 


This event tests the design of the bot and the skills of the participant to control their bot in a track with turns and boundaries. 


2. Maze Runner
The bot has to solve the maze. This will test the participants understanding in solving mazes based on their knowledge.


3. Battle Bot
To fabricate a bot with offensive and defensive measures attached to it, capable of damaging and knocking the opponent(s) bot out of the game.


4. Robo Cup
It is football themed event incorporating manually controlled robots. The participant robots will be made to compete with each other on a miniature football pitch. The team to score most goals within the game duration will be considered winner. The event will follow a league system where the team compete with each other only once until the finalist remains.


5. Staircase to the future
A robot must walk up a short flight of stairs and then walk down the other side, without falling over.


6. Bots R Us
The event is a classic foot race. The Bots will have to race till the finish line. Fastest bot wins.


7. Ant Weight Robowars
Two robots compete in a head-to-head match following the basics of boxing. Robots are mostly teleoperated, but autonomous control is allowed. Like boxing, the robots are given five full minutes for a round, in which either one of the robots is knocked out or the match time runs out.


8. Follow the Q
Line follower Robot is a machine, which follows a line, either a black line or white line. There are two types of line follower robots: one is black line follower, which follows black line and second is white line follower, which follows white line.






Sponsors needed: 
1. Title sponsor
2. Food and beverage sponsor
3. Sponsor for every event for arenas and setup.