AARUUSH’15
ROBOGYAN

ROBOTICS CLUB
The newly launched Robotics Club is based on the idea of guiding budding robotics hobbyists and enthusiasts among the students.
The club has already garnered a heart warming response from the students of all years and departments. Till date 200+ applications have been filled for the club membership.


What’s in it for students?
The students joining the club will be lectured by teachers and senior most students who have worked in specific areas of robotics.
The students will be provided with kits to have hands on experience of the field.
Periodic tests will be conducted to monitor their progress in learning.

Operational Structure
The robotics club will be conducted by the Robogyan Organizer and Committee Heads.
The Lectures will be given by the Students leading various Tech Teams in the college for which they will be provided with Letter of Appreciation by the college.


The branding and publicity
The tutorials generated from the regular lectures will be compiled together and put up on a micro-site dedicated solely to Robotics Club.
The papers will also be published in the Robotics club magazine brought out on monthly or bi-monthly.
There will be a fest designed with the help of members of robotics club.

Larger Picture
The students after having gained significant know-how of the field will be encouraged to take part in competitions inside and outside of the campus.
The students will divided into groups within the club to work on mini-projects and come up with paper presentations as they progress.
They will also be incorporated into making of technical fests where their knowledge can come in handy.

The future vision
The club members in future will associate themselves with research projects in college and publish their papers in leading journals.
The club will associate with companies to teach students cutting edge technology used in industries.
The robotics club will lead to formation of a strong Robotics society in the college.

Thank You
