EVENTS PLAN


DOMAIN                         : Robogyan
ORGANIZER NAME    : SWAPNIL
NAME OF THE EVENT: Rescue Ops






Concept of the Event (Theme and Field of Innovation the Event):
The theme of the event is a natural calamity like an earthquake or a landslide. 
The event is based on All terrain robots.
 Participants will have to design All terrain robots to maneuver complex, rugged terrains. 
	



Round wise description:


ROUND 1:


Technical Inspection


In this round the participant’s robot’s size, weight and technical specifications will be checked based on the rulebook. The robots which haven’t adhered to the event rules and regulations will be eliminated.


The robot will also be scored based on concept, practicality and design execution.
	









ROUND 2:




The robots will have to prove their robustness and ability by completing a circuit with a rugged and uneven terrain. The arena will be based on an area hit by an earthquake. The robot to complete the circuit in the least time will progress to the next round.










                                                                                                                                                                                    
	



ROUND 3:


In this round the operators ability to control the robot and also the preciseness of the robot will be tested. The robots will have to complete a terrain with twists and turns, bridges, and cones. They bots will be judged on the number of operator interventions, number of times it exited the arena and number of cones hit.


	



































ROUND 4:


This round will consist of a mystery track to test the tactical ability of the operator and the robots. The track will have ramps and moving platforms on to which the robots will have to climb cautiously. It will also have to rotating turntable which the bot will have to manoeuvre. The arena will of the first of its kind to be implemented in an Aaruush event.


	

SPECIAL NOTE (if any):