TESERRA
Story
This just the rough draft of the script/theme we came through for the treasure hunt concept . we will defintily improvise the story . this is just a rough idea of our concept. Hope you like it.
The story takes place in ancient india,where our country ws divided into many kingdoms each ruled by different kings. Our story takes place in one such kingdom. One day the king gets a terrible disease. The alchemist says that the  potion to cure the disease is very hard to make as the ingredients are very hard to find. Hence our prince goes into a mission.
ROUND 1: the participants will be given the locations of all the ingrediants .the contestants who find all the ingrediants and reach the finish line on time qualify to the next round.
The prince brings the ingredients on time. But the king dies unexpectedly. Then a rumour arises that the prince is responsible of the kings death. king’s brother takes temporary incharge he sends the prince to adjacent friendly kingdom to solve a major problem there affecting the peace of kingdom and also the prince absence may cause the rumors to die . So the prince travels to adjacent kingdom where the king (say we ll name him king-N for now) there gives him a mission
ROUND 2:  the participants will get a mission to complete the mission will be confirmed shortly. Examples: like the story  hercules searching for the three headed lion and killing it the clues may lead to the participants finding a weapon and then a string of clues tat ll lead them to the beast. We will improvise the idea based on concept.
The prince completes the mission and reports to the king-N. The king  confesses that the king’s brother had told him to kill the prince else he would destroy king-N’s kingdom thats why  king-N gave him such a hard unaccomplishable mission to prince .the prince gets to know of the BETRAYAL . the prince wants to convice his people of his innocenceand overthrow the king’s brother from to throne and claim his right to the throne. King-N advises him to find the sword/staff/wand of truth. The legend says that only a true and righteous person will be able to find the sword. he who wields it will the greatest ruler and will rule the kingdom with prosperity.but centuriess  before one evil man tried to take the sword/staff/wand . due to his evil mind the sword/staff/wand became cursed and the man is turned into a genie and he guards the sword/wand/staff.
ROUND 3: the clues will lead them to a good witch who will give the prince the spell to release the curse of the sword/wand/staff  from the gene and she ll give the clue to the location of the scared sword/staff/wand.
ROUND 4: the participants will get clues tat will lead them to the sword/staff/wand.
ROUND 5: coming soon... (still thinking... )
We are thinking of maybe including GODs  in this concept helping our prince in his quest .
This is just the concept of each round .We ll come up with better idea for the clues in individual rounds. Hope the concept is not too complex and confusing. we ll come up with a fully finished script along with the proper idea and missions/tasks  for each round(that is if you are okay with this concept) after this holidays as we are going to our native this weekends . Thanks a lot.