THE BOND CONSPIRACY-007.in
AARUUSH 16’ PRESENTS - AN X-ZONE ORIGINAL
“The World Is Not Enough”
Coordinators:
Neel Jitendra Sattigiri, Ankit Sharma, Garima Patel, Saptarshi Saikia
GODSPEED is an international intelligence organisation that works like the Anonymous for the intelligence agencies of the SAARC nations. It works by using the inputs provided by the intelligence agencies of these nations and does their ‘ground work’.
It is now looking for agents who can work in a partnership to execute 2 important missions. You (two) can be a GODSPEED agent now and bring out the JAMES BOND in you!
ROUND-1 – SPECIAL OPS TRAINING
Recruits register to be a part of the organisation and undergo special ops training by going through two initial stages. These are a specially designed military hurdle course and then a training to polish their stealth mode if they clear the hurdle course.
If the recruits clear these two time bound stages, they qualify for the advanced training to become junior officers.
ROUND-2 – CROSSFIRE AND NUKE-CLEAR
The junior officers then undergo training in firing while being under attack of another team of junior officers trying to accomplish their own mission. The junior officers have to accomplish their task of precise firing (firing a required no. of grenades in the target) while also trying to put off the aim of another team of junior offices.
MISSION-1- NUKE-CLEAR
Those who clear the training will be assigned their 1st mission which will be to execute a controlled detonation of a nuke that has fallen in the hands of a minor terrorist organisation that seeks to establish itself by detonating it in one of the important cities of the SAARC region. 
ROUND-3- MISSION-2- KILLING A HAWK
The agents are assigned the mission to assassinate a mafia lord who operates in the SAARC region. To do this they have to go separately to get a special poison and to gather information about the description of the mafia lord by following a crude mafia code language. They then have to reach the mafia gathering and poison the mafia lord by identifying him correctly in the gathering while posing as their waiter.
R0UND-4- BOMB IDENTITY: REVENGE OF THE FALLEN
The agents are assigned the task to save an agency office by preventing a bomb implanted in it, by the mafia as a revenge for killing their mafia lord, from exploding and then to identify the mole in the agency by cross questioning the suspects using the report files on them.  
Godspeed to your secret agent’s career!!!