EVENTS PLAN


DOMAIN                            :  X-ZONE
ORGANIZER NAME       :  AVYAKTH GOKAVARAPU
NAME OF THE EVENT  : THE PARANORMAL ACTIVITY






Concept of the Event (Theme and Field of Innovation the Event):
“Where there is no imagination there is no horror!”
This event is to bring out sense of fear and excitement in a person and to test their imagination. Let’s see how cortex manages to bring out the fear in them.
	



Round wise description:


ROUND 1:


TRICK OR TREAT?


This will be an individual round where the participants will have to join the pieces given to them which will form a famous sign or line which leads to the title of the horror movie and then the participant has to guess the movie. If he tells the right answer he gets promoted to the next round.


	









ROUND 2:




                                             ONE MAN HIDE AND SEEK


The participant will be blindfolded and a big box will be put in front of him. He has to pick three objects from the box; those three will be the weapons to kill the demon. It can be a match box to burn. It can be a knife to kill. So it is not like a literal killing but then he has to feel the object with his hands in certain time and he has to tell in how creative way he can kill the demon.
Now that he has found his weapons. Based on what movie he cracks in round 1 a prototype of the demon will be hidden in a pitch dark room and then he should kill it with whatever he finds.
Judgement Criteria: Time that he has taken to kill the demon.




















	



ROUND 3:


PEEKABOO!


This round is an individual task. It features 8 notorious Horror Movie Killers - Jason, Ghostface, Leatherface, Chucky, Candyman, Pinhead, and Michael Myers. Each Killer also has their own Weapon card and Circumstance card (such as a mirror for Candyman).  Players must search to find all three cards, plus a wound card and then they are able to wound another player. They mark that wound on the players Kill Card. Once a player has been wounded three times they are 'dead' out of the game.  Also included the game are multiple specialty cards which allows players special actions such as battling other players, healing themselves, stealing from other players, forming alliances, taking hostages and more. The goal is to kill all other players and be the last player alive wins!


	











ROUND 4:


THE HOUSE OF THE SUPERNATURAL


This round will be a team task. Around 25 teams will be selected with 3 members each in a team. Each team will be going into the room at a time. The maximum time limit for the group to crack the spooky clues and find the key to come out of the room will be 3 minutes. The teams with minimum time taken to crack the clues and find their way out of the room will be qualified for the next round.


	

SPECIAL NOTE (if any):