DOMAIN ACADEMICS - YUDDHAME

TOPIC: Virtual Reality and Human Perception - What’s the
connection?

Introduction: The purpose of the event is to influence people's thoughts in the realm of
technological advancement by understanding the relationship between human perception and
virtual reality. This field is making huge strides in terms of changing people’s lives and
bringing about a positive change in society.

Objective:

•

Participants will get an insight
perception and how it leads to advancement and development in technology.

into virtual reality and its connection to human

the

field

• They will also get a comprehensive idea about the various applications of Virtual
engineering,

Reality
in
gaming,tourism,etc.
It will also give them a perspective into Human Perception and how it is connected
with Virtual Reality and how it is bringing about a positive change in the daily lives of
people.

healthcare,

designing,

education,

of

•

• The future scope of various opportunities in the field of Virtual Reality will be given

emphasis upon and how to acquire them will be learnt.

Event Description:

Topic: Virtual Reality:-

1) Applications in healthcare to treat patients with PTSD and mental health issues
2) Provides on-campus experience to remote-learning students
3) Utilized in training students for various roles
4) Gives a new perspective to the gaming and tourism industry
5)
6)

It is changing the way events, conferences and meeting are being conducted
It is increasingly being used in law enforcement for training personnel on how to react
to various scenarios using simulations.

7) Designing art pieces in 3D has been also made very simple using Virtual Reality
8) Simplifying Retail Shopping and providing a better customer experience
9) Connection with Human Perception

10) Scope and upcoming job opportunities in the future in this field

Poster Release Date: Yet to be decided

Event Date: Yet to be decided

Number of days: 1

Event time: Yet to be decided

Duration: 90-100 mins

Mode: Offline

Venue: Yet to be decided

Will certificates be provided for the event?: No

Expected participants count: Yet to be decided

Target audience: Any undergraduate or postgraduate student or faculty, mainly targeting
anyone who is curious about the field of Virtual Reality.

Event Flow:

Introduction: 10 minutes
1.
2. Ppt Presentation: 60 minutes
3. Q&A Session: 15 minutes
4. Conclusion : 5 minutes

Total : 90 mins

Timeline:

1. After draft approval, we will start approaching and finalising a suitable guest speaker.
2. Creatives will be approached for creating the posters with the details of the guest

speaker, the sponsor involved and the QR code for registration.

3. Registration forms for the participants would be created.
4. We will approach PR for the appropriate publicity content.
5. CSI will be approached to decide the promotional strategies for the event.
6. The event posters would be shared across social media platforms and across the

campus, to attract maximum participation.

7. Upon registration, mails containing venue and timing for the event would be sent to

the registered participants.

Potential Tie Up Organizations/ Speakers :

• Mr Prem Anand Balachandran (Founder and CEO of Aatral)

prem@aatral.io
8939014824
https://www.linkedin.com/in/prem-anand-balachandran-87b41330/

• Srinivasan Krishnamoorthy (CEO and Tech Co-Founder at Madras

MindWorks Pvt Ltd, Expert in VR and AR)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/srinivasan-krish/

• Prasad Sukumaranunni (Founder & Director at Beebox Studios, an
Augmented Reality / Virtual Reality (AR/VR) & Web3D Solutions company)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasadsukumaranunni/

• Kapileshwar Balasubramaniam (Curator of AR/VR/MR Technology

Solutions at AugRay)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kapileshwar-b/

Incentives: Merchandise and Goodies

Requirement List :

• Poster: Printed posters for publicity across campus and digital posters for online

publicity, mentioning the guest speaker’s details and the event details.
• Content: Content from PR for the poster, once the guest is finalized.
• Registration Form: Google Forms
• Feedback Form: Google Forms
• Moderator/Emcee: Yet to be decided
• Brochure: Nil
Sponsors: Nil

•
• Memento for Speaker
• Creatives have to record the entire event from beginning to end
• Creatives have to record the interview of the speaker
•
• VIP room is required for speaker- to be arranged by ORM
• Refreshments for speaker to be arranged by Finance

PR has to take the interview added with PPT content and poster content

• Late Permissions for Girls Hostel
• Transportation Facilities and other arrangements for the speakers.

Pros:

•

•

People with creative minds can invest their talents to connect with virtual reality and
gain insights into human perception for technical applications.
It will give the participants a break from their normal academic schedule to learn
something interesting and trendy, due to which maximum participation is expected.

• Beneficial for students of any department.
• No restriction on the audience, anybody can come and learn.
• Trendy and popular topics in the industry.
• Raising the technical bar for Aaruush as a whole.

Cons:

• Difficult to find a good speaker
• Delay caused by speaker travelling

