Q1) What is our committee about?
A1) The Workshops Committee is all about conducting workshops on both the technical aspects and non-tech aspects of life. We are all about giving practical and out of the box knowledge on the topics which are up and coming or are less touched upon.

Q2) Work profile. 
A2) There are 3 Major Job profiles of the Workshops Committee: 
? Conducting Workshops:- Workshops ideates, executes and conducts workshops.
? Planning and executing sales of CR (Common Registration) ticket :- Workshops does the selling of the CR( Common Registration) for the main days, in collaboration with other committees.
? Handing out certificates for all events :- Workshops also hands out certificates post any event where certificate distribution is to be done.


Q3) Why is your commiittee important in aaruush?
A3) Workshops is one the most important and unique committees in Aaruush as it is the perfect blend of technical and non-technical aspects. Workshops is responsible for not only spreading knowledge on the latest industry standard skills but also for bringing in big organizations to Aaruush. CR (Common Registration) is also a major aspect of importance than Workshops handles.

Q4) What kind of events do you conduct?
A4) Workshops conduct paid and free workshops on both technical and non-technical topics in trend. 

Q5) Number of events per edition you conduct?
A5) Workshops has conducted:
? 2019 - 27 Workshops
? 2020 - 9 Workshops
? 2021 - 9 Workshops
? 2022 - 9 in E-Simulate + 2 Workshops (and counting)

Q6) What makes your commiittee different from other ones?
A6) The fact that Workshops embodies the true aspect of Aaruush being a techno-management fest by conducting both technical and non-technical Workshops is what makes the committee stand out. 

Q7) Events conducted in this edition, their highlights, brief description, no of participants, winners,duration and dates of the event.
A7)
a) Workshop Title: Deep dive into blockchain, crypto and all things web 3.0
Highlights: First paid workshop of this edition. In association with Koii. 200 Participants attended the workshop.
Brief Description: A workshop in collaboration with Koii, a framework for the new Internet, a place made for and by the people where one is rewarded for using the Internet. Deep dive into how Blockchain has enabled the internet to enter a new age known as - Web 3.0. Learn about the Cryptocurrency Pricing Model and its Future, with a focus on Metaverse coins/tokens. 
Number of Participants: 200
Duration: 90 minutes
Date: 14th May 2022

b) Workshop Title: Workflow of 3D Character Art
Highlights: In association with one of the worlds leading gaming laptop brands, MSI. A paid workshop which completely filled the venue.
Brief Description: A workshop in collaboration with MSi, one of the worlds leading gaming laptop brands. A comprehensive workshop on "Workflow of 3D Character Art" in which you will learn industry-leading 3D character designing and art, from modelling and texturing to rendering, using Maya, Z-brush, Unreal Engine 5.
Number of Participants: 250
Duration: 180 minutes
Date: 4th September 2022
